beauty people everything with you here talk
with free and welcome to another video and
today people who would say bringing you
a series of that chubby but how there is
five animations that the game neither launched
still the staff and since a lot of
people got to know what the board
much later later after having
started as soon as our case was created
I wrapped up talking but I know that many
of you do not know several the first
Play then whatever my idea
in this series that I want to bring
I need you here for me
I just want to show you
all the news from the beginning of what
the word yes all then from upe date
the first since he announced
is doing that borges was on the 8th of
June
if I'm not mistaken of 2011 then it was the
from there he began to do what the
word he has the first president
saying that what he wanted to do was
a live 3d game based on vox and such
what was one more hobby with him?
also has a gameplay
I'll leave it for you to take a look.
in gameplay also left some
screenshots
then it was from there that the
keyboard development and I want to
to show you are the people who
arrived a little later is how it is
the fat was at the beginning and any
difference from there in the beginning to
difference to comment on today having
It's basically I want to do this series.
and I count on the support of you and the person
the price is not saying much
tiring neither for me nor for you
listen I'm going to make a video containing 6
the beauty tire there are no houses every
video of this series
there will be six rights there was not
tiring neither for you
much less to me as though beauty O
So, like I already told you to
The keyboard's first time came out in the day
June 8, 2011
and then he left several at 20 o'clock
vacancies I say think six or seven
sprint hours for us also left me
play nothing much just showing up for
we
the project of what he wanted to do with
that word there already after he added
third person mode on the board
in woking gordy basically at the beginning
was meant to be a first person game
a first person rpg giving the
example of skype in many of you
should then know a way to adjust
between first and third person also
It would be just like skype you use
rolling mouse forward to backward
to zoom out zoom in and zoom out
to be able to change from 1st to 3rd person then
was basically the second
President, nothing very big until then.
already after they have added a video
showing a multiplayer mode than
gordy
yes finally multiplayer mode had
been advertised a lot of people liked the
surprising because it is a game that
seemed promising to add the
multiplayer was a large balcony of
men
so people started to lend
more and more austral attention
The board project is later a
I think neither the psychic nor the
Right, he 's important to us.
Also new screenshots that you're not
seeing it in the background then every time I
talk about the update I'll probably go
leave for you to bottom screenshot or
video that reinforced during happy day
there it is better for you to stand
still the president even in that same
week he added the facebook than
bite that I think some you should already
know if you access his blog and
later and selecting what word
vox your publisher
If you voted for the first opinions
that word lets you see that the faces of
characters will be something smooth was the two
little eyes there on a smooth surface
so that leaving it to put
2011 a new vote editor who is
making a whole three-dimensional face
So I think I 'm really cool.
Is the hair quite different from the face?
It is quite different if you are a note
in today's children is already
different then you can see that the
football is constantly changing
constant update course that I
I always try to keep you as long as I can.
informed possible possible possible
I do not know about what board I think
It's cool for you to know
what is happening with the game since
He does not pitch soon, I 'm waiting there.
long time the game as well as many of
Are you also next?
update there already after they have added
for us
new three dés price you are not seeing
What did you teach?
a little girl a young lady and also the
old man who has hardly been
used only as an npc for
creches
already the female character will give
to play is obvious nobody has called any
woman I think most of the
women like to play with characters
fgc female not sure if
You girl and see the videos.
I do not know if there are many boys coming
the videos but you watched the videos
please tell us in the comments if
you play it named a rpg or be with the
female or male character
I know there are people who are very expensive.
who likes to play female character
No problem with this.
and then it was operated upon is one
female character is the normal affection
the old man and an orc you'll see in the
Onu discusses from below who is
using some kind of magic then there
you can see that the oil from the farm
a spell scheme that was only defined
Let's say it in the pin because more
forward that I think most of
You already saw in my channel, beauty.
so the staff there left already six
news from today's video of this
first batch of the series
I really hope you have
liked the video if you liked it and want
continue to watch the video of this series
forget to rate the video with your
limit and with your favorite
forget to leave your comment in
Did you think of the series that some change
critical opinion suggestion anything
you can leave the comments that I will be
reading you can be sure of that
and if you want to continue
accompanying the series one does not want to
subscribe to the beauty channel then
basically these people until the next
went